Release 2.11.2 (#5945)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.11.2 (2023-08-09)

> This release contains bug fixes since the 2.11.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains bug fixes since the 2.11.1 release.
```

Author: I have removed #5909 , let's include it in the next minor release.

We recommend that you upgrade at the next available opportunity.

**Features**

> * #5909 CREATE INDEX ONLY ON hypertable creates index on chunks
> * #5923 Feature flags for TimescaleDB features
> **Bugfixes**
> * #5680 Fix DISTINCT query with JOIN on multiple segmentby columns
> * #5774 Fixed two bugs in decompression sorted merge code 
> * #5786 Ensure pg_config --cppflags are passed
> * #5906 Fix quoting owners in sql scripts.
> * #5912 Fix crash in 1-step integer policy creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #5923 Feature flags for TimescaleDB features
**Bugfixes**
* #5680 Fix DISTINCT query with JOIN on multiple segmentby columns
* #5774 Fixed two bugs in decompression sorted merge code 
* #5786 Ensure pg_config --cppflags are passed
* #5906 Fix quoting owners in sql scripts.
* #5909 Fix CREATE INDEX ONLY ON hypertable also creating index on chunks
* #5912 Fix crash in 1-step integer policy creation
```
